Team 001 - Team Awesome Sauce 
Keaton Glassman - KeatonG15 - kegl7181@colorado.edu
Quincy Carter - QCarter7 - quca6659@colorado.edu
Joao Nicastro Silveira - JoaoNicastroSilveira - joni5160@colorado.edu
Alex Norby - alexnorby - alno1200@colorado.edu     

Application Name: Think Tank Trivia

Link to Repository...
HTTP: https://github.com/keatonG15/CSCI3308GroupProject.git
SSH: git@github.com:keatonG15/CSCI3308GroupProject.git

Application Description:
    Our trivia game, Think Tank Trivia, will provide users with a fun 
and engaging game that challenges random knowlege of users! Users 
will be able to register for their own account, upon logging in 
they will be greeted with a homepage that displays the option to
play a new game, view history of previously played games, and 
shows the user's unique highscore.
    If the user wants to play a game, they may have the option to 
select a genre (History, Art, Computer Science, Sports, etc...)
(this will be an added functionality) and will then be prompted with
a trivia question and 4 buttons, with one button containing the 
correct answer. If the user selects the correct answer, their score
will increase, if not, the game will end and display the score. If
the score exceeds the user's highscore, it will update in the database
and redirect to the homepage. 
    If the user wants to view a history of played games, they can
see a list of users who answered x number of questions with a score
of x. We may order this to make a 'leaderboard' based on highscore.
We will build this with basic implementations, and using our agile
planning strategy, will make changes and add functionality as we see fit. 

Vision Statement:
For trivia lovers, who are searching for endless entertainment. The Think Tank Trivia is a game
that challenges and rewards users for their high IQ. Unlike Trivia Crack, our
product will provide different fields of trivia based on a different API. 

Communication Plan: 
We will be using Discord for Communication over the project. It will allow us to chat, send images, and use multiple chats for different user stories.

Meeting Plan:
Meetings Monday (11:00pm remote) and Thursday with TA (12:15pm remote)
Monday We will discuss what we should work on in the week and recap recitaiton 
Thursday We meet regularly with the TA to discuss how our project is going

Modularity: Zoom
Group Chat: Messenger 
Repository: GitHub

Wireframe found in /MilestoneSubmissions/Wireframe.png

Varsha's Ideas:
Session Management
Picking a genre
Trivia API's: The Trivia Database
Main Component: Home page, Login Page, Register Page, Trivia Page
Secondary Component: Profile Page, History/leaderboard page, giving awards to users
Take inspiration from other game websites like miniclip/coolmathgames

The Trivia API: https://the-trivia-api.com/


